Open Allow Mapping Block json() util to take arguments (#550)
kendraio/kendraio-app: docs/workflow/blocks/mapping.rst

21. json
--------

> Converts a value to a JSON string using [`json-stringify-safe`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/json-stringify-safe) behind the scenes for safe stringification.

Reviewer: It would be better to say what it does up front so people don't have to read too far, and if you want `json-stringify-safe` included still, whose unique features it doesn't use, something like this would be better:
```suggestion
Converts a value to a JSON string, which can optionally be indented with a number of spaces for `pretty printing`. It works much like `JSON.stringify`.  
Internally, [`json-stringify-safe`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/json-stringify-safe) is used to keep dependencies consistent and avoid introducing another stringifier; cycles are not expected in normal flows.
```

Author: Changes agreed during the meeting with @lukestanley 

- Optional arguments can be provided to prittify the output
- It is using [`json-stringify-safe`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/json-stringify-safe) behind the scenes

* `value`: The input data to convert.

> * `replacer`: Currently **non-functional**, but must be set to `null` to preserve the function signature for future compatibility.

Reviewer: @gsambrotta 
```suggestion
* `replacer` Optional. Pass `null`. Function or array replacers are **not** supported in mapping expressions; other values may error. Kept for consistency with `JSON.stringify`; function/array replacers are not supported.
```

--------

Converts a value to a JSON string.
Use json-stringify-safe to safely stringify and accept arguments for replacer and space.

Examples:

.. code-block:: javascript
   
   json(data)

   // Output on one line: "{\"name\":\"John Doe\",\"age\":35,\"email\":\"john.doe@example.com\",\"tags\":[\"frontend\",\"ui\"],\"projects\":[{\"id\":1,\"title\":\"Project A\"},{\"id\":2,\"title\":\"Project B\"}]}"

   json(data, null, '2')
   
   // Output prettified:
   // "{
   //    name: "John Doe",
   //    age: 35,
   //    email: "john.doe@example.com",
   //    tags: ["frontend", "ui"],
   //    projects: [
   //       { id: 1, title: "Project A" },
   //       { id: 2, title: "Project B" }
   //    ]
   // }"
  
   In order to render a prettified JSON, the data must be in a <pre> and <code> tags
   i.e. 

>    <code><pre>{{data}}</code></pre>

Reviewer: @gsambrotta 
Yes, this is a good addition but to make use of HTTP markup tags, the documentation reader will need to use a  block such as a Template block, I think it is important that the documentation make this connection.
Please can it reference a block for showing this?

--------

Converts a value to a JSON string.
Accept also arguments for replacer and space: `json(data, replacer, space)`.
Use json-stringify-safe to safely stringify behind the scenes.

> 

Reviewer: @gsambrotta 
I agree, and it would be good to run a grammar check.

> 

Author: Do you like more as it is now? @lukestanley @CodeKrakken

> 

Reviewer: @gsambrotta 
It's looking better but I made some important suggestions to make it more accurate.

Examples:

.. code-block:: javascript
   
   json(data)

   // Output on one line: "{\"name\":\"John Doe\",\"age\":35,\"email\":\"john.doe@example.com\",\"tags\":[\"frontend\",\"ui\"],\"projects\":[{\"id\":1,\"title\":\"Project A\"},{\"id\":2,\"title\":\"Project B\"}]}"

   json(data, null, '2')
   
   // Output prettified:
   // "{
   //    name: "John Doe",
   //    age: 35,
   //    email: "john.doe@example.com",
   //    tags: ["frontend", "ui"],
   //    projects: [
   //       { id: 1, title: "Project A" },
   //       { id: 2, title: "Project B" }
   //    ]
   // }"
  

>    In order to render a prettified JSON, the data must be in a <pre> and <code> tags

Reviewer: @gsambrotta 
I suppose I was thinking something explicit like this:
```suggestion
   The prettified JSON can be shown using the Template block, by wrapping the data inside <pre></pre> tags:
```
